Hello welcome back to that one of course in our program.
How did you go of that exercise.
I've got the answers up here and now we're going to work through them to see what the correct code is
.
All right so this is us creating the median variable or vector.
So let's go ahead and run that line and if I look at the value here then we can see that we've got.
That is the median revenue for the construction industry as we remember we're dealing with this these
two values and they're both in the construction industry it's the revenue.
So that's why we calculate the revenue for the construction industry.
Next what we want to do is we want to find these two rows so that we can assign this value so this line
accesses the door frame it checks where the revenue is missing and make sure that we are dealing with
records in the construction industry so far unless we'll get those two records that we are interested
in.
And now if we assign the revenue column this calculate median value then we will get what we want.
So now we can see that even though when we bring this these empty or incomplete cases up they still
do come up but that's because they have other NA's.
So that's just kind of helps us check things quicker so we can see that the values have been assigned
correctly.
So that's that's a good start.
That's our revenue part now with expenses here I've got to note that we need to be careful here only
for certain ones we don't want to replace that one that's by itself because then that troll won't add
up.
So what does that mean.
Well here you can see that for expenses we only want to replace this value and this value we don't want
to touch this one because as we discussed this value of expenses will be derived from the revenue and
profit that we already know because there's a relationship between these two values and we cannot use
the median imputation method.
So when you come across situations like this you have to be careful to make sure your filters are targeting
exactly the right values are exactly the right cells that you're after.
In our case you will see that because this company is in a different industry and I.T. services industry
we're not going to just by the way we've structured this code is not going to pick up this row so we're
only going to work with the construction anyway.
But this is something to bear in mind.
And there I'll show you just now how you can add an additional layer of protection from overriding this
rope.
So let's start by analyzing this code that we have here.
So once again recreating and variable median expenses for the construction industry and then we're saying
it's the median of this doorframe which we are filtering just to the construction industry and we're
looking at the expenses column.
Right so this all makes sense for moving and they say if I just run this line I've got my median X Pence's
for construction so for on that there they are four million five hundred six thousand nine hundred seventy
six dollars.
And now I'm going to pick up the call the rose that I'm interested in so I'm looking for those that
have an empty value in expenses which would ultimately pick up this row as well.
But then I'm filtering it to just the construction industry.
So in a way we're just lucky that this company is not in the construction industry and this role won't
pick it up.
So if I run that you'll see that it's just the two construction industries and that's that.
Now I could just run this line and override the expenses here.
But what I wanted to show you is that there's another way that you can make sure that you don't pick
up the slide for instance that's hypothesize and say that this company was in the construction industry
then what would happen then this road get picked up it would get overridden by the median and then this
this and this would not add up.
We don't want that.
So how do we make sure that we pick up only these rules.
Well it's very simple we just add another filter saying that profit has to also be missing.
So as you can see this column doesn't have a missing profit and that is kind of the main point of concern
.
So we just want to say that here we'll just add another filter would say and is Daut and a.
And then fin dollar sign for off it.
So we're adding another layer of protection.
We're checking that the profit is indeed equal or is indeed missing.
If we add that here.
So if I run this line now you will see that still once again it's just picking up these two rows.
And even if I remove this construction filter for a second and I run this line you would see that it's
still picking up the same two rows because they are the only ones where profit is missing.
So this is the proper way.
Right.
This is what we've been doing so far we're adding this just because we have that additional concern
that we might override a role that we're not supposed to add override.
So there we go those are those two roles that we want to work with.
And now we're going to override the expenses for these two rows.
So let's go ahead and run that.
Now if I look at Rosabeth missing balances you can see there's still four but we're slowly filling them
up with just filled up these two values for our construction companies.
And now we have just that one more step left to do.
And that is to derive the values for these rows and we're going to do that in the next tutorial.
I hope that all of this made sense maybe take a quick break take a pause just to revise this and especially
this part where we added an additional filter you can add as many folks as you want.
It really depends on your data set and what's going on in there what what you see what you want to replace
what you don't want to replace.
So just make sure that you've got your head completely around this and you're comfortable with the concepts
that we discussed maybe try practicing a little bit maybe rerun some of these lines just to get some
additional practice and then proceed to the next tutorial where we'll finalize this daughter preparation
we'll just calculate these missing values.
And I look forward to see you next time.
Until then hepi coating